Add switchback docs (#628)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/experiment-analysis/switchbacks.md

# Switchback experiments

:::note
Switchback experiments are currently in closed Beta
:::

> Marketplaces present unique challenges when it comes to experimentation, especially because they depend on complex interactions between multiple groups. Switchback tests solve this problem by randomizing entire environments (e.g., regions and time periods) instead of focusing on groups of users. For example, in a ride-sharing app, you might alternate between treatment (lower prices for riders) and control (regular prices) during a specific time of day across different cities. This way, all drivers and riders experience the same conditions for each phase, minimizing interference and isolating the effects of price changes cleanly. Switchback tests can simulate real-world conditions without fracturing the ecosystem or leaving groups with noticeably worse experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marketplaces present unique challenges when it comes to experimentation, especially because they depend on complex interactions between multiple groups. Switchback tests solve this problem by randomizing entire environments (e.g., regions and time periods) instead of focusing on groups of users. For example, in a ride-sharing app, you might alternate between pricing algorithms (new algorithm as treatment, old algorithm as control) during a specific time of day across different cities. This way, all drivers and riders experience the same conditions for each phase, minimizing interference and isolating the effects of price changes cleanly. Switchback tests can simulate real-world conditions without fracturing the ecosystem or leaving groups with noticeably worse experiences.
```

Reviewer: Small nit.

| Timestamp start | The time at which a given variant was enabled for the environment. | `time_start` |
| Timestamp end | The time at which a given variant was disabled for the environment. | `time_end` |
| Experiment key | A unique identifier for the experiment that this assignment corresponds to. | `experiment_id`, `flag_name`, `campaign_group` |
| Variant | A unique identifier for the experience served. | `variant_name`, `flag_value`, `campaign_subgroup` | 

### Creating a Switchback Assignment SQL

We'll now provide a step-by-step walkthrough for creating Switchback Assignment SQL Definitions in Eppo's UI.
1. Navigate to Definitions, click the "Create definition SQL" button, and select Switchback Assignment SQL.
2. Select the subject of the Switchback Assignment. This is the unit the Switchback is randomizing over, such as market or region.
3. Write SQL in the SQL editor that returns assignment data from your data warehouse and click **Run**. 
4. After clicking **Run**, you'll see some sample data. Annotate these columns into Eppo's data model using the right panel:
5. Once you've finished annotating columns, click **Save & Close**

> 

Reviewer: We should probably explain here that the fact SQL needs to be at the subentity level and not the entity (e.g. market or region) level.

@bryanZavestoski we fell for this a couple of times.

Author: ```suggestion
### Updates to FactSQL
FactSQL that corresponds to metrics you want to monitor also need to be updated with the Switchback entity. On the FactSQL page, click edit and add a new subentity that corresponds to the Switchback entity. 
```

2. Subject setup
   1. Choose an Analysis Entity. This is the subject that you want to analyze the experiment on, such as users.
   2. Choose an Assignment Logging Table. This is the table that has information on when subjects were exposed to each variant over the course of the test.
   3. (Optional) Filter assignment by entry point - enable this is subject are exposed to the experiment at a different point from when they are randomized.
3. Statistical Analysis Plan
   1. Choose to use the default analysis plan or not. [See here for more information on the Statistical Analysis Plan](/experiment-analysis/analysis-plans/).

### Decision criteria

The decision criteria sets the key metrics to be measured in the experiment and aligns the team around a ship decision based on the measurement of those metrics. See [Decision Criteria](/experiment-analysis/configuration/protocols/#decision-criteria/) for more information on configuring this part of the analysis.

### Key, Variations, & Analysis dates

This is where the experiment key is chosen, the variations are defined, and the dates for the experiment are configured.

> Of note for Switchbacks only, you can optionally add burn in and burn out periods. A burn period refers to a designated time interval at the start of a testing cycle where data is intentionally disregarded. This period allows the system to stabilize after switching between test conditions, such as transitioning from control to treatment in a switchback test. For example, when alternating pricing structures in a ride-sharing app, a burn period gives the marketplace time to adjust rider demand and driver availability before meaningful data is collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of note for Switchbacks only, you can optionally add burn in and burn out periods. A burn period refers to a designated time interval at the start of a testing cycle where  assignment data is intentionally disregarded. This period allows the system to stabilize after switching between test conditions, such as transitioning from control to treatment in a switchback test. For example, when alternating pricing algorithms in a ride-sharing app, a burn period gives the marketplace time to adjust rider demand and driver availability before meaningful data is collected.
```

Reviewer: Add small detail for what burn out is.

Author: Question I got: If a region does not switch it's variation between time periods, does it still have a burn in and burn out period?
